yes
hello I am of creations that is worth and I
taught how to make a banana like myths
materials we are going to occupy 22 gummies in
yellow
4 in coffee or black the crochet and as
two streets fabric let's start with a
yellow rubber band and we will give you three
turns going to put two pretty in
other clavitos with which we gave him three
turns out
let's put two comments
we take out the ones that just put here
more than two
two more gummies
until we have 6 holes here
since we would have 26 then we count 1
2 3 4 5 and that is that we have grabbed here
stage we passed this side
to this clavito and we go here
the first little hole
this and we're going to put it in this
key
A) Yes
we do not have it so we're going to put two
gummies in the two nails and we're going to
take out this part just
A) Yes
we are going to put two more gummies
what do we get out of here down here
let's get this on this side without
take out these that we put on this side and
be very careful nothing more than not take out
from the other side nothing more
I had these two that are on top
but these others that are here are not
touch is removed
in the end
we put back two more gummies
we take you out
we continue without touching these we go to
another side we take out this we put two
gummies more
we go back to take out and this side is going
on the other side we take this
Now what we do is put all
inside a same clavito
let's grab two gummies in them
and we are going to put them and we are going to pass everything
what we have inside the same clavito
now we go back to these two gummies
black on one side
of clavito
Now we add a black rubber band and the
let's put in both and we're going to
take two turns on this side
A) Yes
we put the last black gum
and we get this one that we are left here towards
outside
you are
- one inside the other we take out the
down to serve
we take them out and stretching
and so we would be ready our banana
made with gummies I hope there is
liked comment subscribe like and
visit our facebook pura vida tenés
forwarding